---
layout: post
title: Reflecting on a Year of Growth with the Data & Analytics Team
date: 2023-12-27 00:20:00
description: Reflecting on growth, collaboration, and the tools that propelled us forward
tags: Strategic_leadership
categories:
chart:
  vega_lite: true
---

**"Where do you want to be in a year?"** That's a question I was often asked when we started out.

To be honest, I asked myself the same thing. Now, a year later, I look back with pride at the inception of our Data & Analytics team.

We've expanded from a duo to a tight-knit group of five.

This year, we've completed over 70 projects for more than 40 clients.

We've learned to work with tools like Google BigQuery, DBT, Terraform, PowerBI, Python, and SQL.

It's been a year of constant development, not just as a team but also as individuals.

How did we manage this growth? Here are my key reflections:

1. **Learning from others accelerates success** - Sometimes it's better not to reinvent the wheel but to learn from those who've already been there. A special thanks to the individuals who offered their invaluable help. With their support, we were able to accelerate our growth and learn important lessons.

2. **Staying flexible in a changing world** - The introduction of Google Analytics 4 brought many changes but also new opportunities. Suddenly, Google BigQuery became a crucial link for our analyses and reporting. The ability to adapt and innovate was key to our continued growth.

3. **Collaboration creates strength** - Without the collaboration with our clients and the synergy with our online marketing and platform teams, we could never have completed so many projects. Their contributions have helped us deliver better outcomes and create value with Data & Analytics.

And if you ask me now where I want to be in a year? I'd say continuing on the same path: stable growth through collaboration, adaptability, and innovation.

The introduction of generative AI and the challenges in marketing measurements are just two examples of the opportunities and challenges that 2024 has in store.

I look forward to new opportunities, challenges, and especially to continue growing with my fantastic team. You were the heroes of this first chapter!
